Mr. Snel! Mr. Snel!
Were you immediately welcome to the VPN? Good conversations have preceded it.
I immediately felt at home. Is it betrayal? I choose an ideal.
If that is betrayal, then I do not understand it anymore.
I strive for an open Netherlands with individual freedom, without senseless patronizing.
And the VPN shares my dream. You are a dreamer?
But I'm not the only one.
Tim simply belongs to the VPN. Point.
You were a talent with a large group and you switch to ...
a small party that has nothing reached. It is our intention that we will now achieve a lot.
This is just a turn? No, I keep heading.
Does the switch have to do with the sudden death of your father?
If you lose one of your parents, everything has to do with it.
Thank you.
Now you do it again. Zwarte Piet is black.
Sinterklaas exists. I am called for flapdrol.
And the bonuses. I feel like it. Deeply tragic for our country.
You know my name now. You are not yet away from me.
Then we will arrange it. Good evening. That requires money.
That VOC mentality! I'm done with it. Did not think so.
Here I refuse to listen. This is plainly disgusting. Yet?!
Even dimming. Also your car, Mrs Halsema. Hup, walk.
Yes. WOMAN:People will have a time left. And not always nice.
I think it's brave of you. Well, they do not eat me up.
But you have to have an elephant skin . Your father always said ...
Mom ... It's just bad ...
Yes, I understand. Sorry dear.
Let's have lunch this afternoon. Good? You do not have time.
I have to eat once. I'll take the train later.
Okay, until this afternoon.
MESSAGE MOBILE PHONE
Oh, sorry. Good morning. Good morning.
Hey, good morning. Hey.
I'm looking for Cynthia Goedig. Cynthia. End of the corridor on the left.
Cynthia Good? Tim Snel.
Welcome. Thank you. Are you coming along? Yes.
Vincent, the press officer . The kitchen.
Post and sir ...
Ahhh, you are here! Come on in.
Hai. Hai. Cynthia is the mother of the group. Coffee? Yummy.
No, we'll take it in the hallway. Are you calling everyone?
Okay, just pay attention all ...
Today we have:Tim Snel.
During the Christmas break, he joined our party, with Kamerzetel and al.
A huge surprise. Maybe you can say something short about it?
Eh, hello.
Well, we've already seen each other in the Chamber. And in the committees.
But I am Tim Snel.
I chose you because the VPN is the only club that really wants to change something. Yes!
We bring democracy to the 21st century.
No moralizing state intervention . And my favorite:
Wealth tax . Reform of the tax. Yes.
A complete revolution. You are good at that! (!)
I am extremely grateful to Jan, our chairman ...
and of course Marise. Thanks.
I will not confuse your trust. Tim gets the wallet finances.
Ohh! You are going to tackle the bank bobos!
We're going to hear a lot of that. Good, at work.
The press is already eager. Keep it a while away.
Cynthia, do you point to Tim's new place? Press conference Rutte later.
Do you know what he's going to say? Mee.
Have you already sent out the message about Tim? Before you were awake.
Comments? Very much.
Very predictable. Does not matter.
Have you seen the headlines? Yes. We need something with that. Not now.
Well now. It is playing now. You want to be relevant.
Rutte. What did you catch?
The Cabinet wants a bizarre gas plan. It seems to be mega. Hm.
The media are angling, but do not say anything. Other parties?
Nada. What are you ...? Close the door once.
This is just for you.
I made a deal with Rutte.
Free childcare.
We have been fighting for two years. Prepare a press release.
But seriously:No word yet, no one.
Here is Corine.
And I had this in mind for you.
You already have my wallet. In this case, my desk.
O, no. That's not necessary. Is there no place where I can sit down?
You brought your own chair?
My Room Seat . Then you can sit on it.
Good.
From me.
I thought you would be happy. We are also.
with your father.
Thank you.
Does it hurt?
Yes. Only when I sit still.
Yes, working hard helps.
What do you have with you, dude? I'm moving.
I found a place in The Hague:20th floor, beautiful view.
It's still a bit messy. But close, so that's handy ...
... for the job.
Good morning. Tomorrow! Good morning.
Thank you, thank you ...
It's not there yet, is it, Cynthia?
It's cold here.
Okay!
Are we all here?
Does anyone know where Leendert is? So. Toilet.
And Jan is not awake either. That goes well (!)
Cynthia, do you want to close the door?
And there is Leendert.
Agenda is short today.
Ehh ... REPORTING And there is Jan.
Good morning. Good morning! Just in time.
Wow. Do you always do that?
No one has our technology.
MOBILE TELEPHONE Today the Rutte holds a press conference.
Very ambitious new plan.
I have negotiated intensively with him during the past recess. Our commitment was:
Free child care, accessible to everyone.
And it's inside! CRACES OF AMAZING
That's great! Breakthrough for working women! And men. Yes.
And a fulfilled election promise.
What is it about? That can not be a trifle.
Marise, can you do Pauw tonight or Nieuwsuur? Wait.
Will the national debt rise or will we pay more tax? Can I have a moment?
This is the gas extraction area in Groningen. Here are the tremors and subsidence.
Here one wonders how to proceed. They want security.
And rightly so. That drilling continues, we can not do otherwise.
The whole country depends on that gas.
The Netherlands will never give up the natural gas. Never. No.
You can not say that. Whether we do it quickly or slowly, those tremors will continue to come.
And that is too much uncertainty for the people here.
The government wants to offer them a new future somewhere else.
And we will support that.
My parents live there!
Here! HERE they live!
My aunt HERE and my best friend from primary school HERE.
This is where I come from! These are my people! Please, Corine ...
So we are going to expropriate that area and we get childcare in return?
Free childcare from two years, for the whole country.
Do you know how many people this is, Yes, about 20,000. 20,000 people!
With a day at Pinkpop there are three times as many.
Is it already known how we are going to pay this? Stop talking about the money!
Free childcare is incredibly important for millions of workers.
For the freedom of women and for the economy.
People live in Groningen, Marise!
have to take that into account. But not our voters.
What do others think? The CDA?
The CDA is against farmers, then you know.
The SP or the ChristenUnie. SP does not want to, ChristenUnie just want the woman at home.
The question is whether it is affordable and I do not think so.
Free childcare costs billions. Yes.
And then you have to expropriate another 20,000 people in Groningen.
Say three people per house has been rounded up to 7,000 homes.
7050.
the average price in that region, Corine?
2 tons. 2 tons?
Well, that's 1.4 billion.
1.41. And then you have to build another 7,000 new homes, another 1.4 billion.
The moving costs alone
If that continues, I will start a moving company that I know.
How are we going to pay this? From the future gas revenues.
That money has long since gone. No, that's new money.
Because we do not have to take the residents into account, we can pump harder.
Do you have any idea what this looks like on TV?
Thanks to the VPN! Corine ...
Furious people who scream, cry, who grieve!
They are not all expropriated at once, but ONE for ONE and after a while gets used to that.
Oh, you get used to that? Yes.
My aunt of 80 is taken out of her house by the ME ...
so that the bakfietstrutten their Julius and Sterre will be able to dump free of charge.
We are going to be very popular with it as a party.
If you want to become popular, you have to take part in The Voice of Holland.
Katja, stop.
Katja.
We are not afraid to show leadership.
To make choices. Sustainable choices.
I can not explain this at home. Sorry, sustainable?
I fought hard for this deal.
Childcare, we promised our voters.
Can you imagine what this means for the Netherlands?
For our future? For us?
Soon Slochteren will be empty and then?
Once the time has come, we also focus on renewable energy.
Think of all those jobs that yields!
Things we've been fighting for years, you too, Corine, you know that.
Look.
We would not be the VPN if we did not perform this in a humane, elegant way.
I admit:The gas plan does not yet deserve the beauty prize, so let me buy some time.
I can take such good steps now.
We invest in the future:our children.
We never get a better chance than this.
I can now claim this with your support.
With all due respect, Marise, but do not you have to think this through again?
What I mean is:Do not we have to calculate this correctly?
Thank you, Tim, for your keen insight.
And yes, financially it is elaborated in detail, we can use it well.
Corine, I would really like you to have that debate later on.
Beautiful. I am glad we find each other again on the importance of childcare.
Everybody sharp:If these plans are announced ...
we are only talking about free childcare, VPN makes the difference, etcetera.
32.010 This is still a voting round. Yes. We suspend.
Mouth outside the door, no one knows this yet and I do not feel like uncontrolled waking.
Are you waiting?
The law of Plasterk will not work.
The Balkenende standard is far too low, everyone knows that.
So we are disappointed? No, we are for it.
That's an open wound in the coalition, we're throwing salt into it.
We have to get rid of the Balkenende standard. Do you want the Rutte standard?
That's brilliant. Self-conceived?
No, Tim.
Mrs Collee!
The hassle about top salaries is mainly a decline for Minister Plasterk.
Even though not the strongest minister ... Tim Snel started today in your group.
His transfer is seen as betrayal. How is that in the group?
Tim stayed true to his ideals and there is a lot of respect for this in the group and in the country.
But we do not stop, free will ... Tim Snel has ideals ... Any questions?
Are you afraid of tensions in your group by Tim Snel?
We are very happy with a motivated new colleague.
From whom we have to see if he strengthens or weakens the group.
He's pretty nice? Pretty nice?
It causes unrest, have not you listened?
Not so negative, Michael, you are not.
Did I miss something? Not yet.
I'm sorry that I picked up your desk.
My place is not important, I can sit anywhere. Me too.
We noticed that.
I am an open book. Joh.
I come from another party, from another city and move here, to you.
One of the qualities I value in people ...
is loyalty.
Jan may be happy with your transfer, it is not me.
I can not ignore that. If you stay that way straight forward, that does not have to be a problem.
HE SPEAKS ENGLISH:Michael. Sorry?
THE NETHERLANDS STATEMENT :Michael. Yes, Michael, sorry, yes.
I get it. Hard, new names and stuff.
If you do your best, you'll get out.
I still have a seat. Where is Marise?
is coming.
A chair.
MOBILE
Yes?
An interview? In fifteen minutes. Yes, I can. With whom?
Rutte, press conference. Yes.
Jiska Willink, NOS.
Marise, Rutte starts like this.
I do not want you today for a camera or microphone.
Jiska, I'll call you back.
There are many questions. They are still there tomorrow.
Today nothing should distract from the free childcare.
They keep whining about you.
I think that's over as soon as the deal becomes known.
I am still less important than childcare. Exactly.
For the Groningers I want to have a detailed plan before we agree.
You take care of the calculation for the press conference this afternoon.
Chair?
Corine, it's important.
Well ... we are loose.
This is not possible?
I am chased out of the village with pitch and feathers when I come home.
Corine ...
You understand that I can not simply put aside the financing of this plan?
I understand that. And I give you that time.
But if you do not drastically change the execution of the plans ...
I will lie in front of it.
Corine ... Every step, Marise.
So, now I like a cigarette.
I still have one.
Yes, but I do not want a cigarette at all!
I quit smoking and then she will clear Groningen, goddamn!
Hee ...
Were you for or against the Groningen plan?
Not for, in any case. Why do not you play it harder?
We need well-thought-through proposals, you just complain about money.
Everything is about money. So you are also going to do the debate about top salaries?
No, Marise, I think.
In the case of rumblings within the coalition, that is for the chief.
That Balkenende standard is not for nothing?
The old or the new?
He earns 4 tons a year as a lobbyist and drives a Porsche.
that scandalous? Nonsense.
Populist balls.
I'm in front of the Rutte standard:2.5 tons and do not nag.
Otherwise you can only prove yourself in the business world.
It is about the real fiddling and that remains out of the picture.
Follow the money. Follow the leader.
What is the difference?
You are a follower. You do not think.
MOBILE
Mom?
Mr. Snel, do you support the plan to evacuate Groningen?
Is Mrs Collee's position under pressure?
The party fully supports Marise Collee, her position is not up for discussion.
Not?
Just in private with Tim. Not bad, right?
Also hello, Jan.
How you did that, just calculate, 7000 times two tons. Very well.
Marise can count, but she can not count.
That plan is priceless. You think so too?
I said that right? Then why did not you support me?
Because you do not think. Are you starting already?
You honor your name, but patience is a beautiful thing.
I'm moving from the broom wagon to the head crank and I have to take it easy?
Then the line does not break. You must disprove the PLAN, not her.
It's not smart. The whole plan is not smart.
But you undermine your own position.
On day ONE.
Let gas plan day drain, but give her the feeling that that is her own choice.
Let Vincent come up with a spider and show you what you are worth.
Nothing like Groningen? Care for Groningen.
It's not about care, it's about gas.
Groningen gives gas. That is not a spin, that's a bomb.
We have to make it clear that we have great plans ...
but that we have both feet on the ground.
Nice. Realistic and strong.
We know what's going on. We are not deaf or crazy.
This is it. Hashtag 'with both feet on the ground', top.
You're off too? Joe. Beautiful.
Was that gas deal really behind my back?
YOUR back? You pick up a guy from another group without any deliberation and drop it with me.
The transfer of the century. We are not a football club.
We try to get our subjects on the agenda, but everything is about Tim Snel.
Do you prefer questions about what you think of Charlie Hebdo's cartoons?
Here, just out. It is an interesting thought experiment.
France is better off with an Islamic president.
Especially now. It is not fun for you, because this is not allowed anymore.
You have to go back into the house. Well, cozy (!)
We need something with it. We do not do anything with those fundamentalists in Staphorst?
They do not shoot cartoonists. So you want to intervene?
VPN makes the difference, also in the caliphate.
We have to do something about it, if only because they literally come closer.
The new Kunduz.
That's too easy, politics is not easy. Sometimes it is.
Are they going to fight? Picking up. Hate sowing? Picking up. Furthermore, everyone can believe what he wants.
You have to keep an eye on that gas bubble, because you are being teased.
It's a solid deal, Rutte is not. Oh no?
Am I missing something here? Hey? Mark?
Good luck. Thank you.
The administration of the foundation Friends of the VPN, is that here?
At Jan. O.
Should I pick something? No.
Did you see this coming in?
Do you know where it comes from?
No idea.
Shall we? Yes.
RUMOER
When they start? Yes, then I say that it is important that we offer clarity.
And back to childcare. For the future. Yes.
Have fun. Thank you.
Good afternoon. Free child care ...
from two years for everyone.
lot of money is needed for that.
The Netherlands has that money and space ... Where do you get the money to finance this?
Mrs Collee, does the VPN want to give up the province of Groningen?
The reality is that the ground will drop further there.
Groningen is evacuated?
The proposal is about expropriation in a limited area and in everyone's interest.
With both feet on the ground, what does that mean?
VPN tweet 'with both feet on the ground'.
That means that we dare to face big plans ...
and continue to listen to society. There is room in the point of view?
We dare to make big plans and continue to listen to society.
THEY CALL BY EACH OTHER
And here I wanted to leave it at that, thank you.
Yes right? What did you actually think?
'That means we dare to face big plans.'
Where does that 'with both feet on the ground' fainting ball come from? Vincent?
I thought it was strong.
Tim said it. Tim, you ?!
Jan asked if I ... Jan ?!
Did you discuss this with Jan? When?
We must radiate unity, Tim.
If you find something, you come to me. Otherwise, you'll keep your mouth shut.
Yes, I will pay attention.
SHE SLAATS WITH THE DOOR
Hey Tim.
There's a drink, are you coming?
I have a dinner appointment. Do you have a minute? You promised it.
I'll see you tomorrow. Good. Just then.
He is walking.
Mr. Snel, how do you like your new group?
Very good. Very happy with the atmosphere and the open culture.
Disagreements are thrown on the table, including the sensitive issues.
Like the expropriations in Groningen?
I just want to say that we are very free at the VPN.
But with questions about Groningen you have to be with Marise Collee, who knows a lot more than me.
THERE IS A MOBILE What's in the suitcase?
!
Yes? Yes!
Hello. Hi.
Can I have two of those ... 'sakkavoerma'.
Sac kavurma. Yes.
No, I'll warm myself up at home. I'm in a bit of a hurry.
For the gentleman in a hurry.
But very nice to have been in the Escher as well.
I'm coming, I'm taking the microwave.
So that's an old palace.
Really beautiful!
Well. So!
This is also a bit of a palace.
A little chilly, but not wrong.
Where is your service?
Mom, I have signs here.
Mom, sit down. I prepare the food.
Just leave that junk for what it is.
Mom, leave it smooth, you want.
I just help. That's not necessary. You do not have time for it?
Will I come over the week? No, I do it myself.
When? When I have the time. You'll notice.
Just take a break. No, I'm not taking it free.
Priorities, you remember. Dad always talked about that.
And I have it:I want young people to get the faith again ...
that their children get better than they do.
It can not be that your social opportunities are determined by your zip code?
Everyone should have chances.
In education, in art, in work, in retirement.
So that people get confidence in each other, and themselves.
Free from oppression, free from humiliation.
That they are just free.
Sorry.
compatriots.
HIS MOBILE BUT PEEP
The Cabinet greatly appreciates the realism of the VPN.
But first I want to think fundamentally about natural gas extraction.
And that will definitely take until after the elections.
And that means that crown jewel ...
Here we go. ... of the VPN, free childcare ...
that it does not come anyway, because it can only be paid if the gas production continues.
Marise.
Have you seen the news?
No gas, no childcare.
Thanks to Jan and you especially, so come here. Damage control.
The coalition parties have no interest in it anyway, just before 21 March.
So before the Senate elections. THE MICROWAVE PEOPLE
Mr. Snel, Minister Dijsselbloem was not happy about your disclosure.
This is not the case, the IPO of the ABN may not be a handshake between two old college friends.
Do you still have confidence in the minister?
The minister is allowed to explain if he knew this and found it no problem ...
or that he did not know and what consequences this has.
Tim, it will be nice later. This comes from the editors.
The same two, but this one is from ABN's head office.
Now it gets tough.
NPO SUBTITLES TT888, 2015 tt888 reactions (a) npo.nl